So here is our Web information dot Java file.
So first, this Java file is inside the package electricity.
And we have imported the necessary.
Packages.
Swing and data, beauty and skill.
And now we have defined the way of information class, which is extending frame and implementing action
listener.
Here is only one button, the GIA button type.
That is a V1 now where information constructor is a parameterized constructor taking a string type of
variable that is a meter setting the bound for the window and setting the background color of the window
that is a white and the layout has null.
Then there is a label as title that is a label or named as we have custom information setting the bounds
for the title and.
Her setting font for the title font, family font type and font size, then adding the title in our
frame.
After that, there is a label element that is a new label for name and it's a respect to label one,
one that will be fetched.
Information will be shown in this label by fetching from the database.
So we have set the bounds for those labels and added those labels in our frame or window.
Then we have label L two and l12 that labels are a meter number named as label meter number, setting
the bound for that and adding l two to our frame, then its respective l12 that will fetch the information
from the database and L1 to setting bounds for that and adding L1 to our frame.
Similarly, for the L three that will work for the address and its respective l13 then for the L four
that work as setting and adding those labels to our j frame or window.
Similarly, for the L five field for a state and its respective l15 will fetch information from the
database similarly for the email as well.
Now after that, L seven will work for phone number as well of the customer.
So these are the labels which we will add and set the bounds for that and add that, add those to our
frame or window.
Now inside right block, we have established the connection of by using our coupon class and here's
the results set.
Type of variable RS which is used to execute the query select aspect from customer number is also meter.
So the meter number for which the information we want admin wants to show or will show he or she admin
will enter the meter number.
And with respect to that meter number, the details of the customer will be provided now for asked next.
So result query on the basis of result query the next row of that in the database or in the table customer.
The details will be fetched and stored in the respective labels of this window, as we discussed above.
So l11 will have get a string one which will contain meter number two will contain name and respectively.
Name, meter number, address, city, state email and phone number will be stored in these labels.
Catch.
Catch will catch.
Ziploc will handle any exception focus.
Then there is a be button, which is a back button labeled as back set as foreground background color
as back for round color as white, setting the bound for the button, adding its accent listener, and
adding the button to the frame, then adding an image to a new label.
That is an image I can image is a view customer dot jpg inside the icon folder, adding the label late
with the icon and setting the bound for the label and adding that label to our frame or window.
Then there is the action performed method which is defined this set visible as false so as there is
a one button.
So on event of that button that is a back button.
So this window will be closed and set as visibility as false inside.
Then we have defined the main method with the.
Instance of the information class with nulla nulla string argument and sentence visibility to two.
Let's move to the Babel section of this Babel or Java file, which is defined inside the package.
Electricity.
Necessary file packages are imported.
Then the class is defined as Babel extending frame and implementing action listener.
The labels are six labels and their respective five merge labels.
J Text Field one text field two choices, two buttons and a string type of meta variable passing that
is string type of meta variable to.
Passing that type of metered variable to the parameterized constructor, setting the layout as null.
Setting the bound for the window j table electricity bill named as electricity bill that is a label
setting font for the label and bound for the label, adding the title label to our frame or window.
Now similarly here, meet the number and its respective data which will be labeled which will be fetched
from the database is created it's bonds and added to the project.
Here this will be for name and this will be for month.
Now, for month there will be choice.
So here choice will be defined as the 12 months and add it to our frame with its bounds as well.
Now the Alpha is a new label for the units.
Here it is a units.
Alpha for the units.
And it's expected it will fetch data from the database l5 that is a total bill.
It's boundaries set added to the project and respect to g label whose boundaries has been set and added
to the.
For window now.
l6l6 is a j legal status.
Its bounce has been set and added to our.
J frame or window.
Then the one five whose foreground color is set as red and added to a window.
Now inside try block.
We have first establish the connection result set which is selecting abstract from the customer where
MOS metre is equal to meter.
So on the basis of meter number, this will fetch the data from the database result next with iterate
over the rows of that information which will be fetched.
So L1 one will store the meter name, meter number and logo and will store the name.
Now see this.
This statement will fetch the bill from.
The build table of the database on the basis of meter number and month month is defined here January
and.
He rate over the record and a store unit's total bill and status on the respective labels.
L1 three, L1 four and L1 five.
Cas the exception, if any, occurs then C1 ad is now in C1.
That is a choice type of variable.
We have added an item that's not on the item state change if the item is changed from the default.
So we will establish the connection and we have a result set.
We're meeting on the basis of meter number and the month which is being selected.
If it is being selected or changed from the default, it's heading over those record and storing again.
Consequently the one, three, one, four and one five for the units total bill and the status respectively.
Getting the exception if any occurs then we will have a button for pay.
Setting the bond on the button, adding the button a button back, setting the bound for the button,
adding the button background color as black foreground color as white for the B1.
Similarly, for the B2 button as well, setting the image icon using a label l21 setting the bound for
L to one and a negative to one to a frame.
Adding accent listener to the B1 and B2 buttons setting the background color of the get pane or the
frame or window window which will want to use as white.
Now defining the public void action performed, which will take argument as action event so that if
the source of the action event object is B1.
Then we will perform a connection, establish and update the status, and we will update the status
to paid, which we will.
We have previously stated our fixed as not paid when we have generated the bill in a generate build
or Java class.
So now in catch block we will catch the exception if any court and this starts set as well is it goes
to fall so if the if the bill has been passed so this paid so that this window will be closed and new
patent bill window will be called, which will be just going to discuss after that.
And else if if the blue button is performed for the event, then this window will be closed and sets
visibility as the false inside the main method.
Its current class object has been created and setting is visibility to pro now move to the Paytm dot
java file.
It is also defined inside the electricity package, importing the necessary files.
And packages and defining the class, which is extending a frame and exhalation of a string type of
meter variable and ab1g button type of b1.
So first is PTM, which is the constructor parameter constructor taking a string type of meter.
Setting that instance variable meter to the meter value passed.
And here is a DJ editor being created ed pane j set eligible it is fixed to so that set editable property
has been set to false so that it cannot be edited.
But when it goes to a new button that is a back button whose color is black and for color is white bound
bounds for the button adding action listener to the button and adding that button to the J editor pane.
Now try inside triangle as we have set the page in of the editor pane to the Paytm link.
Now inside the catch frame link doesn't work, then the catch block will handle the exception.
Now we have added a scroll panel by setting the close operations of the exit on close, getting the
content pane and adding the scroll pane on the frame window, setting the preferred size and set the
size for the window and setting the location of the window and setting the visibility of the window.
Now wide action performed inside action performed.
It will take action event as a parameter.
So this dot set visibility equals to false as there is only one button on the.
He went on that button.
So this window will be closed if the bag button has been pressed and the new payable meter.
So it will take you back if you press back.
So it will take you back to the PayPal section of the.
People window and close the window.
So that's why people.
Or meter and set visibility has been set to.
Now inside the main function.
New Palladium method.
A new Palladium object has been created with mm nulla string of estimated value and set with visibility
as true.
So these are the three classes which we have discussed in this video.
We will talk about the remaining three classes in the next video.